Xhalax!
Go on, do it.
Believe me,
nothing would give me
greater pleasure.
But I kill you,
and another Retrieval Squad
will already be on its way.
Unless...
| report you terminated.
In which case, you free me
here and now and you
disappear forever.
You forget who's
in charge here.
(grunts)
I'll tell you what's
going to happen.
You go back to High Command.
You tell them I can deliver
Talyn and Moya.
They can have the
escaped prisoners.
They can even have
Crichton if they want.
And in return?
Two things.
I want Aeryn.
Oh Crais, you're so predictable.
I want Aeryn!
And I want to be a
Peacekeeper again.
Is that what you think?
Is that what you think
happened, Crichton?
You were there?
No, actually I was busy trying
to save Aeryn and Talyn
while you were cutting deals
to save yourself.
You know the truth.
You know I'll never again
be a Peacekeeper.
Never say never again, 007.
That's all I know.
Still no news of Moya?
Nothing resembling a Leviathan
for a million metras.
Well surely the Peacekeepers
will send another Retrieval
Squad to come looking for her?
Actually looking for Crais.
So you really should do the
noble thing and jump ship
before you get us all killed.
They're hunting Talyn as well.
(eerie oscillating tone)
l... l... I can't.
You got a problem with
your head gear?
Talyn's signals... confused.
What the gletch is happening?
Happening at full speed,
I can feel it.
Talyn is fighting with himself.
Crais, pull him back.
I can't control him.
Hey guys, we are flying
into a sun.
My name is John Crichton...
I'm lost...
an astronaut.
I got shot through
a wormhole...
In some distant part of the universe...
I'm trying to stay alive...
Aboard this ship...
This living ship...
Of escaped prisoners.
My friends.
If you can hear me...
Beware.
lfl make it back...
Will they follow?
If I open the door...
Are you ready?
Earth is unprepared...
Helpless,
for the nightmares I've seen.
Or should I stay...
Protect my home...
Not show them...
You exist...
But then you will never know
the wonders I've seen.
Yazhnek shakrow aeilo...
Knock it off, pop-top.
Crais, get on the headset
and get us outta here.
Talyn's doing everything he
can to fight against it.
Against what?
The sun's emitting unusual
pulses of radiation,
attracting Talyn and compelling
him to fly directly
into the sun.
So un-compel him. Stop him.
Knock him out. Disconnect him.
It's too late for that!
Yazhnek...
-Shut up, Stark.
Crais:
We re going in!
Talyn!
-Talyn!
(yelling)
What the frell?
Talyn has pulled away.
Saved us.
And we're supposed to
be grateful?
He's now orbiting the sun.
The shields are holding, but
there are parts of Talyn I
can't see or feel.
Crichton:
We re gonna have to do a
manual survey for damage.
All right.
Crais, you should stay up
here in this section.
The rest of us will divide up
the ship amongst us.
Ohh! Oh.
Crais, we're on Tier Two.
Crichton:
I'd say that's a damaged area.
The secondary control
node and it is...
completely blown.
You know, Talyn has got
a hog of a power plant
but he's got a piss poor
electrical system.
He sneezes and half of
his circuits fry.
He hasn't fully healed from the
Retrieval Squad attack.
Yeah, I know that.
I still say he could use some
heavy-duty wiring.
He's still young. He'll get
much stronger as he develops.
Not if he flies into any
more stars he won't.
How big is he going to get,
anyway? Is he going to be
Moya's size?
Well, Crais seems to think so.
Damn!
-Here.
There. Be careful.
Yeah.
(echoing voice):
Are you there?
Talyn, is that you?
Are you there? Hello?
Talyn?
You know, for someone who
used to look down her
nose at tech work,
you're pretty damn
good at this.
Well, perhaps people
can change.
Well, at least some people are
smiling around here these days.
Yeah, I know.
It suits your face.
l was talking about you.
Me? I'm not smiling.
Yes, you are.
Pay attention to your work.
Right.
Focus on the work.
And don't do that.
I'm working here.
Stop distracting me.
I'm distracting you?
Yes, you are always
distracting me.
Well then you are easily
distracted.
No, I'm not.
-Yes, you are.
I'm not.
-Oh, really.
Okay, that's a little
distracting.
And it's something I did?
Could be.
What, something like...
this?
( chuckles )
You said pay attention
to the work.
You're right. I'm sorry.
I won't distract you
any further.
Crichton:
You have a problem?
No, I don't have a problem.
No?
Uh-uh.
You're not distracted?
What are we doing?
Better question, why now?
What?
What the hell is that?
Crais, Talyn is leaking
some kinda...
Oh, I see you've got it
in here too.
As far as I can tell, the mist
is exuding from a dozen points
on three tiers.
You know what it is?
-Drexim.
A synaptic fluid naturally
occurring in Talyn's conduits.
Uh-huh. Why is it steaming
from the walls?
When it becomes acidic, it can
erode the seals joining
the conduits.
That is a beautiful
design, Crais.
Tell me, is this stuff
affecting you?
No. But it seems to have made
Rygel permanently hungry.
Has it been affecting
you or Aeryn?
What exactly does it
do to Talyn?
When he's in danger, it
increases the stimulus,
increasing his response rates.
Right. 80 it's like adrenaline.
Adrenaline in humans, when
we get in a tight spot,
makes us fight.
And, uh...
do other things.
It's not gonna affect us
the same way, is it?
Well, possibly. But the effects
should be manageable.
Should... be manageable?
Look, Crais, before ah,
we all go crackers...
Hey baby, how ya doin'?
...maybe we should get some
space suits, masks or something?
I've already thought of that.
We're too late.
The drexim has reached the
suits and it's made all
the seals dissolve.
Then what are we gonna
do if it increases?
We ignore it, and we do
what we have to do.
Is that clear?
Oh, aye, Captain.
Yes, sir.
(echoing voice):
Can you hear me?
Talyn?
Are you there?
I know how you're feeling,
Talyn.
I saw you.
I felt you wanted to die.
What is this, Talyn?
Please...
( gasping ):
Who are you?!
You can see me.
I am Sierjna.
This room, this room...
I haven't seen this
room before.
But you can see me?
And hear me?
Of course I can.
You're there in front of me.
I am?
Full formed? Visible? Vabaseena!
You can help me!
What... what do you want?
This room, this room,
this room, this room...
I seek the Pilot.
I've never seen this
room before.
I may say the same
about this ship.
In part, it appears Leviathan,
and yet not.
This ship is Talyn.
It is a hybrid.
It is part Leviathan,
part gunship.
Then where is the Pilot?
He should be here.
There is no Pilot.
There has never been a Pilot.
There is always a Pilot.
But...
never one who could see...
heat”
feel me.
Until now.
How did you get on board
this ship?
l... | kanished.
You were in my zone.
In your zone?
I don't understand.
How did you get on board
this ship?
Cycles ago, I came from
Dall-fer-yon.
One microt I was on my ship,
and then not.
I'm trapped, outside my world
for so long trying to get back.
But I float here, unable to
free myself.
I board a Leviathan, then
another, then another,
only to find myself unseen,
unheard by all aboard.
Until now.
Where at last, I am given form.
Finally I find those
who can help me.
Please, only you can save me.
As I suspected, Talyn is
overproducing drexim due to
the stress he's under.
The radiation pulse is still
compelling him to move
towards the sun.
He is resisting, barely.
We're maintaining orbit and
we're not getting any closer.
We're not getting any
further away either.
How do we pry this boy loose?
Can we stick cotton
in his ears?
Crais, is there a way to
filter out these pulses?
His shields are linked to his
sensors to inform him of
ambient conditions.
So, cut the link.
That would blind him.
Get him some sunglasses,
Blue Blockers.
Perhaps we could recalibrate
his shields to block out that
one pulse spectrum.
Well we might be able to if
the shield overrides
were functioning.
Where's the fault?
Secondary control node.
(alarm blaring)
Talyn, intruder!
I want to help you.
They all say that.
This unusual vessel.
Is it a Leviathan?
Who wants to know?
I am Mu-Quillus.
You are in great danger.
If this is a Leviathan, you
must abandon ship immediately.
Why?
Your ship has been caught
by a Siren Star.
Inevitably, it will succumb.
Like the 83 Leviathans that
have already died here.
So, this sun has claimed
over 80 Leviathans?
Yes. Please get to your life
pods while you still can.
I don't understand how this
vessel has lasted this long.
Talyn is a hybrid Leviathan
built for combat, with much
tougher shielding.
And weapons, I see.
Who built it?
How 'bout you tell us first?
How did you get here?
You just beamed in?
I transmuted.
I'm something of a
hybrid myself.
Able to switch between a matter
and an energy state.
That's how I can exist in
the star's corona.
So, you live here?
I find the unusual spectrum of
the Siren Star quite pleasing.
Crichton:
Or maybe you just like watching
Leviathans dive in and burn up.
Perhaps you caused them
to do so.
A Siren Star's pulse radiation
is a perfectly natural
phenomenon.
It's not by fault that it
attracts Leviathans to it.
I try to warn them, as
I'm warning you.
But until now, they have always
perished before I could do so.
I don't believe you.
How severely damaged are you?
How closely did you approach
before it pulled away?
And I don't like all
these questions.
Leave this ship.
I'm only trying to help.
Get off this ship now!
Talyn!
You'd be wise to listen to me.
Damn, Crais, you re gettin
a bit trigger happy.
I ordered him to leave.
He wouldn't obey.
So you killed him?
What if he was trying to help?
Cat lives in the corona
of a star, Crais.
You think you're gonna take
him out with a couple
of pulse blasts?
He's gone for the moment.
We've bought some time.
Let's use it.
Get back to the conduits.
Yes, Dad.
Sierjna:
We must fly away, quickly
Before he discovers I am here.
Who?
Mu-Quillus.
My saviour, my captor.
A being like yourself?
No, not like me,
another species.
He inhabited this star
before I came.
When my Leviathan perished,
he kept me from dying.
He claims that he saw me
and had to save me.
He says that he's in love with
me but I don't love him
and I never will.
He murdered my ship and
all its passengers!
He did that?!
He's still doing it.
That's why he's here, to lure
Leviathans to their doom.
Why?
He was contracted to,
by the Prahtikrah,
a race of shipbuilders who see
Leviathans as competition.
The more Leviathans disappear...
The more ships they can sell.
Yes!
-That's monstrous!
Crais! Crais!
Talyn is being lured
into the sun by...
Crais:
By a creature named Mu-Quillus.
I know that, Stark!
What I need to know is
how to break free!
I don't know. I don't know
how he's doing it.
Sorry, I can't help you.
We must break away.
You don't know what
it's like to...
to be trapped forever in
the light of the sun,
not to be able to feel, to
touch, your only companion
a monster!
Take me away from him.
I want to walk on a planet
again. I want to breathe
its air.
I want to drink its cool water.
Give me back my life!
I can't.
You've already passed
beyond life.
Sierjna, you perished
with your shipmates.
Mu-Quillus trapped your
soul between realms.
I'm... dead?
Oh, no!
No, that's not true. I...
You can see me.
You can touch me.
Sierjna, I'm a Stykera with
certain talents.
I can help you cross over
to the next level.
To death?
No!
No. I'm alive.
I'm here! I'm real again!
You can never be real again
in the way you wish.
I can only... release you.
I don't believe it.
You... this ship... you...
you brought me back.
I'm whole again! lwon't
give that up!
Come with me.
God-like aliens.
Man, do I hate god-like aliens.
I'll trade a critter for a
god-like alien any day.
No, no. We'll be
all right, as...
as long as we stick together.
Right, just not too...
close together, 'cause...
Right, yeah, yes.
l-l know. I...
We're gonna...
we're gonna... die...
die, die, die, die, die, die,
die, if we don't get the
conduit fixed.
Yeah, right!
Focus. Eyes on the task.
Remember the mist.
The mist is not your friend.
Right. Bad mist.
Naughty mist.
Aeryn:
Ooooh..
(munching)
(stomach gurgling)
( groaning ):
Oh, that's, that's, that's...
( belches and breaks wind )
(relieved sigh )
( falsetto voice ):
...better.
But even for me, this
is a bit excessive.
(chuckling)
Rygel. Rygel, can we
talk to you?
Stay back, unless you...
I'm back. I'm back.
( groaning ):
Ooh! What do you want?
I... We just wanted to know...
"We?" What are you
talking about?
Have you gone totally fahrbot?
Who's "we"?
You see? It is as I said.
lam the only one who
can see you.
Stark, I'm too sick to witness
one of your hallucinations.
Sierjna:
That can't be true! That...
Sir, noble sir...
Stark:
Sierjna, don't.
He can't hear you.
He can't see you.
Yes, well I can see you,
you crazy nik-nik!
Who are you talking to?
Only I can see you.
Only I can hear you.
Only me.
I will take care of you.
I promise.
( Rygel sighs disgustedly)
Right, that's done it.
He's gone.
He's totally...
(grunting)
( breaking wind )
( falsetto ):
insane.
( inhales and exhales)
No, please, no.
No, this can't be true!
I told you. You are
zy-limbron, not alive.
(rumbling)
I've come to take you home.
Sierjna:
No.
lwon't go with you.
Of course you will.
You can't stay here.
I can!
I have found someone
who can help me!
You know better than that.
This ship is doomed.
Like all the others, it will
be drawn into the sun,
and all on board will perish.
You will come back to me.
Stark:
No! Not this time!
I can free her.
I am Stykera!
l have the energy.
Sierjna, please, come with me.
No.
No. I remain here, with Stark.
If that is what you wish.
( crackling )
Crichton:
Mist, the mist, resist the mist.
Resist the mist.
Are you done?
I'm almost done.
I'm really close.
Close?
Nearly there.
God, I love you.
-I love you, too.
Tell me when you're done.
-I'm... nearly done.
Tell me when you're finishing.
I...
-Yeah?
Yes?
Almost!
-Yeah?
Last one.
Finished!
(Talyn rumbling)
Frell...
-Yeah.
No, no, no. I mean, bad frell!
Mr. Sun still wants Talyn.
Crais! What's with the rumble?
The radiation pulses have
intensified and changed.
How the hell could that happen?
-I don't know, but they have
and they're still changing.
-Shield overrides are working.
I'll try and block out
the pulses.
(rumbling)
Sierjna:
Listen.
I know that sound.
He's luring your ship
back to the sun!
No.
You'll be killed, all of you!
I've seen it before,
over and over.
Sierjna...
-Every time!
Mu-Quillus was right.
He's all I have.
I'm going to be trapped
with him forever.
Listen to me!
lwon't let that happen.
l have a plan.
A plan?
Come on!
I can't change Talyn's course.
His compulsion is stronger
than ever.
The pulse spectrum is shifting
too quickly. I can't block
it out.
The Pied Piper's found
a new tune.
Explain.
-Natural phenomenon, my ass!
Mu-Quillus is generating
these pulses.
How?
Crichton:
Uh... Orbiting boom box.
He's, uh, whistling out
his butt. How the hell
should I know?!
The point is, we gotta find
the source, and we-we
gotta squish it.
I'm on scan.
A plan, a plan.
Save Talyn. A plan.
Talyn, I will lead you
away from danger.
What are you doing?
This is a Pilot's station. Maybe
I can control Talyn from here.
Guide him away from the sun.
(gasping)
Stark!
(whimpering)
Hey, guys, I think maybe
I got something here.
(rumbling)
What the frell just happened?
(grunting)
Sierjna:
Stark!
Who pulled the plug? Crais?
Talyn?
My transponder's dead, too.
I can't hear him.
Crichton:
Aeryn, overrides?
Gone. Everything's out.
Crais:
Talyn, where are you?
Nothing's responding.
Talyn is gone.
Stark?
No. Stark, can you hear me?
( Stark groans )
Talyn.
Talyn, I am part of you now.
Ah... I can sense all of you!
I can guide you.
Stark. Hurry! The sun!
Yes, the sun.
Talyn, you will turn away.
You must turn away.
(rumbling)
Talyn is turning.
But how?
Everyone, we're saved!
We've done it!
Who has done what?
Talyn and l.
We've escaped from the sun.
And we saved Sierjna
from Mu-Quillus.
Sierjna?
Sie... Sierjna...
Oh, no! We must've
gone too far.
She-she couldn't stay with us.
Crichton:
Stark! What in the living hell
are you talking about?
We must go back.
Must find her.
Aeryn:
He's turning again.
Stark, are you controlling
Talyn?
Yes, yes. I must.
I must, I must, I must...
Crichton:
Yo, Astro!
Calm down and tell me.
What the hell is going on?
It's very, very simple.
I am now Talyn's Pilot, and we
are flying back into the sun.
What do you mean, you're
Talyn's Pilot?
Talyn doesn't have a Pilot.
Stark:
He does now.
I've bonded with him, formed a
neural link, joined with
him in the Den.
What Den?
-Can't speak now.
Searching for Sierjna.
Must find Sierjna.
Stark? Stark, you release
control of Talyn at once.
Good old Stark. Count on him
to jump right in and
wig right out.
How could he have bonded
with Talyn?
Talyn must've developed a
rudimentary Pilot's Den.
Crais, I thought you bred out
the need for a Pilot in Talyn.
We tried to, but Leviathan
biology is complex.
Enough linked genes must've
remained for Talyn to grow a
vestigial Pilot facility.
Like an appendix?
Wait. Where is this Den?
Most likely somewhere
below Tier Three.
If I can't restore the
overrides, I'll go
find it myself.
Fine, you do that, get his
hands off the wheel.
We're gonna do something else.
Sierjna...
Which one is guidance?
That one.
No. No, no.
Crichton:
Hey Stark, did you feel that?
No. No, I can't...
I can't maneuver.
Crichton:
That's right. You might want
to hit the brakes.
We just took out your steering.
( screaming )
Talyn, you listen to me!
I know you can hear me.
You're taking the wrong option.
You will kill us and you
will kill yourself.
Come on, Stark. Talk to me.
We can work this out.
Yo, Astro.
Talk to me.
We can work it out.
Lava Boy is not your
friend. I am.
You okay?
Yeah. Yeah, I'm...
I'm alright.
Thanks for watching
my backside.
Couldn't help myself.
Stark, you listen to me now.
You try anything like that
again and I will personally
take you to the other side.
(groans in frustration )
(muffled whine)
Talyn, I am trying to help you.
All the lower decks
are sealed off.
I can't get into the Den to
free you from the Banik slave.
That's it, Talyn.
Bypass the primary
guidance system.
Yes, that's it. Careful!
We don't want them finding
out what we're doing.
Talyn, you listen to me!
I am trying to save you.
Talyn!
( beeping )
Crichton:
Hey, Stark. Talk to me.
You getting lonely up there?
You like being alone?
Don't think he's listening.
No.
But it's not good to be alone?
No, it's not.
Maybe we should go find him.
And leave these conduits
unaﬂended?
He'll send up another DRD
to repair it all.
Yeah, and lead us like
a moth to the flame.
Let Stark make the first move.
You know what's he's like.
He doesn't have much patience.
Right.
We have, uh, all the time in
the world. No need to rush.
You comfortable?
Mm-hmm.
Aeryn, this is the
mist talking.
I like what it's saying.
So do I, but we gotta...
we gotta focus.
I'm doing my job.
Corridor is all clear.
So it's just you and me.
Just you and me.
Stark:
Slower, slower Talyn.
That's it.
Mustn't let you get too close,
just close enough.
Sierjna:
Stark?
( gleeful scream )
-Stark!
Sierjna!
But you got away.
You were free.
I came back for you.
No. No, you're risking
everything.
Nothing else matters.
I told you I would save you
and Iwill, even if it
takes my own life.
Stark...
-I will take you,
I will walk you to
the other side.
Do you trust me?
Mu-Quillus will kill you.
Do you trust me?!
Yes.
Are you ready?
I'm frightened.
Don't be frightened. No need.
Come closer.
I'm ready.
Thank you.
Nah vahajma, nah vaheerma...
I will find you in
the next life.
You're still here.
I have neither moved
norchanged.
It's not working.
Why is it not working?
(Rygel groaning)
Are you still eating?
Oh, stop me, Crais.
Make me stop.
Shoot me! Do something, please!
Here, here, tie my hands. Yes!
-I need your help.
No, no, no, no, no.
Tie my hands now, or
I'm going to explode.
(stomach rumbles loudly)
Ah, this is all your fault!
This is your gunship.
Peacekeepers designed it
and you can't control it.
But I can control you now.
( gasping ):
You press that into me and I'm
going to vomit all over you.
Stark is a mutineer.
He's also out of his
frelling mind.
Came in here, had a
conversation with that wall.
Must be the mist making
him see things.
Rygel, Stark has taken
control of Talyn.
He must be flushed out so I
can take back command.
Well, go ahead.
I need your help, slug.
Please let me eat that
little piece, please.
Now you listen to me.
Talyn has sealed all the
entrances to his Den,
but maybe you, being so small,
can slip through a
ventilation duct.
(laughing):
Look at me.
Look at my stomachs. I'm not
slipping through any ducts.
lam your captain.
You're not my captain.
This is a direct order.
-Dream on!
If you don't obey my orders...
-Yes, this mist isn't
affecting you, huh?
If you do not obey my
orders right now
and go into the Pilot's Den
and flush out the Banik,
I will shoot you as a mutineer.
(gasping)
As you wish.
Crais, come here.
Why?
Closer.
It's a secret.
If you try anything...
Closer.
(loud crunching)
( screaming )
(Rygel laughing)
Rygel!
I don't understand it. You...
It... It should've worked.
(loud rumbling)
Let her go.
If we try again...
Nothing will happen.
Why do you think she never
crossed over in the first place?
What do you think is keeping
her between the realms?
Me. My power.
You had your chance to escape.
You might have saved your ship,
your crew, your own life.
But you returned.
You have me back Mu-Quillus.
You can let them go.
No. It is not for me to
make that decision.
My task is set.
The ship will continue
to the sun.
Sierjna.
Come with me.
Stark:
No, no!
Sierjna...
Stark:
Don't do it!
No, you must.
Wait, Sierjna!
Don't go!
(rumbling)
Oh, no. No, no, no,
Talyn, please!
Fight it! Fight it! Turn away!
Turn away, please, Talyn! No!
Talyn, please turn away!
Stark!
Everyone...
I'm sorry.
Talyn is once more being
drawn into the sun.
The lure is stronger than ever,
and Talyn can't fight it
and I can't stop him.
So, I suggest you prepare
yourselves for peace.
Because I have failed you,
and we're all going to die.
All we can do now is wait.
I'm not letting you go.
I'm never letting you go.
Wait a microt.
What?
This is wrong.
God, the mist... the damn mist
is messing with our heads.
That's why we're giving up.
I'm not giving up.
I never give up.
Okay, I'm gonna go
to the bridge.
I'm gonna to tear it apart.
I'm gonna to find something.
Okay. The same with
Crais and Stark.
You tear 'em apart, baby.
All right, listen. I don't want
to lose you either.
Can we definitely get
back to that later?
Oh, God, I love you.
I love you, too.
(Crais grunting )
Crais, what are you...
I can't get in!
Talyn will not comply
with my orders!
And the drexim it's obviously
driven him insane.
Blast your way in.
Yes. Give me your gun.
Perhaps not.
Do not question my decisions!
lam your captain!
And | order you!
I order you!
All right, Phantom, new tune
for the opera.
Stark ( muttering ):
Sierjna's gone.
I've failed her.
Failed her. Failed Aeryn.
Failed you, Crichton.
Yes, and you have failed
gloriously, Stark.
And I want you to fail again.
I want you to give me control
of the consoles.
I want you to give me
some control.
She came to me for help.
Not many do, but... I could
have done more.
Stark, I am coming to
you for help.
You are gonna give me control
or I am gonna rip off the
other side of your damn face!
There's nothing you
can do, Crichton.
We're going to be lured into
that sun and we're all going
to die inside there.
That's because the bastard is
luring us in, Stark. okay?
He's got bait and
we can cut bait.
We've got a mother of a cannon.
l was zeroing in on the damn
power source when you turned
out the lights.
You remember when we met?
You want to take a trip
down memory lane?
Stark! My side, your side,
my side, your side,
my side, your side.
I tried to help you then,
but I failed.
Scorpius put a chip in your
brain. I failed.
Stark, blow the damn
Aurora Chair.
Let's talk about the
good times, huh?
Do you remember Zhaan, Stark?
Let's talk about Zhaan.
I tried to help her,
but I couldn't.
Well she would piss on
your grave right now.
You wanna know why?
My soulmate.
Because Aeryn is my Zhaan.
She's my Zhaan in every way.
I love her, and I would die for
her. And you know what, Stark?
You're killing her.
What? Me?
You're killing her you
freakazoid, psycho bastard.
You are killing my Zhaan!
Yeah. Aha.
I got some control back.
Let me show ya.
I love it when you
take control.
This is drexim talking.
No, it isn't.
I can manually prime
the cannon.
I'd love to see that.
Talyn's cannon.
I'm stoked, not stupid. Do it.
We've only got one chance
with it, John.
We're too close to the star.
We've got one chance.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, hey.
Check this out.
A throbbing pulse of energy
coming straight into your
living room. I got it.
Stark, are you still there?
You're just like Zhaan
in so many ways.
If you say so.
lam going to manually prime
the main cannon.
Crichton has located a target.
Please prepare Talyn to fire.
Would Zhaan approve of
this use of violence?
She's speaking through me now.
It is her wish.
No. You're risking everything.
-You're back.
You're too close.
Don't do this for me.
I'm not. Mu-Quillus has
Talyn mesmerized.
Stop what you're doing.
Is there some kind of
stupid alien quotation book
you guys use?
A deal between us
can be brokered.
Lava Boy, you are losing.
A compromise assures
your survival.
Again with the quote book.
Hey, quote me on this.
We're gonna blow up
your fuse box.
I'll release my grip
on your vessel.
And in return?
Go away.
He's gonna give us our freedom
in exchange for his.
Leave us to our own.
What about other Leviathans
you'll encounter?
Why should that concern you?
That was the wrong answer.
Sorry.
Stark?
Talyn. It is time.
Power down your weapons.
I can offer you better terms.
Crichton:
Damn, Smoky! You can't
argue with a woman.
(Mu-Quillus screaming)
Sierjna!
Now...
Nah vahajma, nah vaheerma,
beker del rais.
Crais:
This apparatus was not designed
for any species but a Pilot's.
What you did was beyond
foolish, Stark.
Hold still.
You cut me.
You moved.
(grunts)
Talyn is now off-limits to you.
All functions, all programs,
all controls.
I know.
You know nothing.
I know how he feels, what he
thinks, about everything.
About you.
Talyn was not of his
right mind.
Anything you think you
experienced must take that
into consideration.
I know.
Even if you slit my throat,
I will still know.
Most of Talyn's internal
systems are back on-Iine,
and his drexim levels have
returned to normal.
( groaning )
I wish my levels were
returning to normal.
Next Commerce Planet you are
restocking the galley.
You ate everything.
I never, ever want to even
look at food again.
(groaning)
Must go to chamber.
Need sleep.
Vomit.
Out of my way!
How's it going?
He's recovering well.
He's a remarkable vessel.
Speaking of...
remarkable vessels.
How is the secondary
control node?
I got a chain gang of DRDs
working on it.
Everything will be up and
running in a couple of days.
We were very lucky.
Well, I think that, uh...
Fates would have brought
us together anyway.
You know, Crais is going to
be cutting Stark free
for about an arn.
Rygel's going to take at least
that long. He's got
three stomachs.